Release notes for version 22.10 (#1806)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-22.10/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

## Centreon MAP

### 22.10.0

- Compatibility with other 22.10 components.

## Centreon BAM

### 22.10.0

- Compatibility with other 22.10 components.

## Centreon MBI

### 22.10.0

- Compatibility with other 22.10 components.

## Centreon Auto Discovery

### 22.10.0

#### Enhancements

> - Already monitored hosts can now be updated by Host Discovery in manual mode. It had been made available in automatic mode in the [22.04 release](../../22.04/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions/#centreon-auto-discovery), it is now available in manual mode. The eligible changes on hosts affect macros, templates, host groups, host categories, host severity and the monitoring server

Author: ```suggestion
- Already monitored hosts can now be updated by Host Discovery in manual mode. It had been made available in automatic mode in the [22.04 release](../../22.04/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions/#centreon-auto-discovery), it is now available in manual mode. Changes can be made to macros, templates, host groups, host categories, host severity and the monitoring server
```

- When no template mappers apply to a host, one can choose whether the default template must be applied or if the host must not be monitored at all

> - Fixed a typo in the french translation of the Host Discovery job creation wizeard

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a typo in the French translation of the Host Discovery job creation wizard
```

## Centreon MAP

### 22.10.0

#### Performances

- Move to Java 17

## Centreon BAM

### 22.10.0

- Compatibility with other 22.10 components.

## Centreon MBI

### 22.10.0

#### Performances

- ETL daily and rebuild optimizations
- Move to Java 17

## Centreon Auto Discovery

### 22.10.0

#### Enhancements

- Already monitored hosts can now be updated by Host Discovery in manual mode. It had been made available in automatic mode in the [22.04 release](../../22.04/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions/#centreon-auto-discovery), it is now available in manual mode. Changes can be made to macros, templates, host groups, host categories, host severity and the monitoring server
- When no template mappers apply to a host, one can choose whether the default template must be applied or if the host must not be monitored at all

> - Fixed a typo in the French translation of the Host Discovery job creation wizard

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Centreon Plugin Packs Manager

### 22.10.0

> #### Enhancements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compatibility with other 22.10 components.
```
